Jiangnan
Gangnam, you must not die
Do you hear me?
I won't allow you to die, you can't die Jiangnan
How is the doctor?
How to heal through melody
Temporarily out of danger
But after all, the game is whether the head can wake up
Will there be any filtration?
You need to protect the temperature
Ok, thanks.
You're awake
I'll call the doctor
Since Liu Jingchi doesn't love me, why did he save me?
Why don't you let me die?
Haven't you hurt me enough?
Mr. Lu, Mrs. Lu has no problem for the time being.
We just need a brain CT.
To detect brain damage
By the way, he has never been able to speak before.
But
Suddenly spoke after being hit
What's the reason for this?
Mrs. Lu's occurrence system is intact
He couldn't speak before
Probably psychological
To achieve strong emotions is the opening of the process
OK, I see.
Thanks.
Good night